Just Lu me, if I don't teach you,
It becomes the hands that kill you.
Child, I won’t dare give you snacks from now on.
I’m not going, it’s me, Sahou, we were given to me by a sister.
Sister, please, don’t be anxious and start from the beginning.
Are you willing to believe me? I believe you,
Well, come here, I'm in a little wordless room,
Something strange happened.
So I called it strange, but when it was strange,
Your weird stuff is simple.
Then I will be with you alone,
At this time, the first sister came over, and then what?
I just got used to it
Suddenly the opportunity to shoot me was hard enough
He gave a pussy a blowjob in the face
I'm so naughty
When I came just now
It seems like I got stuck in a lot of things during training.
I don’t remember anything when I come here.
Listen to the sound of this dance
Not bad
You are the formation of an artificial bomb
It's hard to form now
I don’t know how many connections he has.
He will be very concerned about me
I quite liked him
That's why you used him so badly
Then what do you dare to do?
Do you want to confront him?